add documentation to help contribute (#468)
boostercloud/booster: CONTRIBUTING.md

Make sure that you assign the chosen issue to yourself to communicate your intention to work on it and reduce the possibilities of other people taking the same assignment.

### Getting the code

> To start contributing to the project you must first follow these steps in your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start contributing to the project you would need to set up the project in your system, to do so, you must first follow these steps in your terminal.
```

> - Install Yarn with npm `install -g yarn`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install Yarn: `npm install -g yarn`
```

> - Install Lerna with npm `install -g lerna`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install Lerna: `npm install -g lerna`
```

Reviewer: @VeroGarp remember to accept this suggeston

> - Clone the repo and cd to the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clone the repo and get into the directory of the project: `git clone <WRITE REPO URL HERE> && cd booster`
```

> - Write `lerna bootstrap`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install project dependencies: `lerna bootstrap`
```

> - Write `lerna run compile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compile the project `lerna run compile`
```

> - Now you can write your contribution and to make sure everything works you whould write lerna run test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add your contribution

- Make sure everything works by executing the unit tests: `lerna run test`
```

> - Before make a PR you should execute `./scripts/check-all-the-things.sh` on Linux and MacOs, but if you are in Windows you should execute `.\scripts\check-all-the-things.ps1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before making a PR you should run the `check-all-the-things` script:
  - `./scripts/check-all-the-things.sh` on Linux and MacOS
  - `.\scripts\check-all-the-things.ps1` on Windows
```
